In the world we live in today, we start to acknowledge the fact that there are other types of gender that a person could have other than being a boy or a girl. We have the genders’ gay for people who are sexually male but prefer to act like the females and their counterpart the lesbians, the transsexuals who had undergone surgery to acquire the reproductive organs of the other sexuality, and the bisexuals who like people of the opposite and the same sex. They are usually referred to as the LGBT Community. So if we are already being open-minded about this then why do we still have to create a website to promote gender equality?
Well, first and for most, there are still a lot of Homophobics (people who are against the LGBT mindset).Some may be very outspoken about it while others just show it through their facial expressions and their gestures. In our school alone, we can see that there is a high population of people from the LGBT Community. Even with that said, many students and even members of the faculty and administration scold them in the way they dress and act. One common example is when a gay student who cross-dresses goes to the males comfort room. The usual scenario is that he would be bullied by the men and would push him out and the same thing goes when he goes to the female restroom. Some girls would look at him with disgust and they would start to talk about him. Another is that most LGBT students are the main subjects of bullying by other students which adversely affect them emotionally and mentally decreasing their confidence and putting a toll to their studies. 
We believe that through our website, we can strongly promote the ideals and importance of gender equality to the students and faculty and staff of Saint Louis University. We can create a website that will show effects and how inequality is being done to the LGBT Community of our school. It will contain strong messages, photos, and to hopefully make it interactive so that the LGBT Community could share their experiences in school or involving someone from school (may it be good or bad) that may inspire others. We would like to use the power of the internet to raise awareness on the importance of gender equality and to provide these people equal rights, privileges, the respect they deserve, and making them feel that their gender does not make them an outcast of our society and most importantly, not different from any member of the SLU Family.     
